MLP Coursework 3 - Interim Report

February 2019

FEEDBACK:


Abstract and Introduction

You abstract is well motivated and states the research questions to be covered in the report.
It is also sufficiently large and uses short and concise sentences which is great.
It does not, however, cover very extensively or clearly what the report really is, it is an interim document that 
clearly defines the problem, shows some baselines that motivate your hypothesis and present 
a plan of work.

Research questions and objectives
This chapter has been written clearly and precisely. Good job!
You could have made a better use of literature referencing as you have omitted this at a few places.
In addition, there are some typos across the introduction. I would have also moved parts of the abstract in the 
introduction as it seems a bit more relevant a place.


Data set and task
The dataset is presented clearly. You specify the features of the datasets used
and discuss the training/validation split which again is great!
You could have added some extra information describing more of the properties of
the dataset, such as the types of classes, or provided some figures with examples. You should have provided references to
the literature if you claim something as a standard. Further, you do not explain what the actual task is. Which is the source
set which one is the target, what are you transferring, what are the similarties between the classess across both datasets 
etc. 

Methodology
The methodology is clear and concise which is great. It is clear what you are doing and how you intend to approach it.
The methods chosen are sensible and relevant for the course span.
In terms of evaluation it isn't very clear why you would expect that Sec_c is going to be more secure than Sec_b, or maybe I am missing something.

Experiments
Appropriate baseline experiments have been carried out, you have conducted clear presentation of results. However, you provide
very little discussion over the experiments you have conducted. It would have 
been nice if you had analysed the poorer performance from the transferred weights a little bit more. This could then give insight
on potential pitfalls and aspects of problems you might face in future. Nevertheless, all experiments are reproducible and 
the stated hypotheses for all experiments are clear.

Interim conclusions
The work done so far matches the objectives nicely. The task at hand is quite extensive and rather open ended
which might make it difficult to complete in the scope of the course. However, there is an opportunity
for completing an interesting and sufficient study nevertheless. No changes seem to be necessary and all conclusions 
are clearly expressed.


Plan
There is a clear plan for the remainder of the project. Potential risks been discussed and 
there are a couple of good and well formulated backup plans. 
The project is feasible given time and resources.

